Well, if you've got a pen out, a piece of paper, if you've got your Bible out or maybe your phone, I want you to write down three words.
And these three words are really the picture of what our entire sermon today is going to be about.
Three simple words, easy to remember.
I encourage you to write them down and we'll kind of walk through and see exactly what they mean and why they are relevant for our time together today.
Three words, the first one is clear.
The word clear.
The second word, visionary.
Visionary, third word is immediate.
So it's clear, visionary, and immediate.
And in case you haven't figured out what exactly it is that I'm talking about, what I'm talking about is the call of God.
The call of God to follow Him, and that call is clear, that call is visionary, that call is immediate, and that call is on each and every one of us.
Today I want you to turn in your Bibles to Matthew chapter four verse 18.
And we're going to look again at a familiar story, most of these stories we've been talking about are familiar stories.
This one is likewise familiar.
It's a story of when Jesus walked by the Sea of Galilee one day and he called some different individuals to follow him.
He called Peter and Andrew and James and John and he told them to follow me and I will make you fishers of men.
And that's the passage we're going to read today, look at today.
And then we're going to tie it into God's call on our lives because I can guarantee you today and I would make this statement and I want you to hear me.
The call that Jesus gave that day to Peter and to Andrew and to James and John to follow him was not for them alone.
That call was for us as well.
And so let's go to that passage, Matthew chapter four, we're going to read from verse 18 and following.
It says, he's words.
And as he was walking along the Sea of Galilee, he saw two brothers, Simon, who is called Peter and his brother Andrew.
They were casting a net into the sea for they were fishermen.
Follow me, he told them, and I will make you fish for people.
Immediately they left their nets and followed him.
Going on from there, he saw two other brothers, James, the son of Zebedee, and his brother John.
And they were in a boat with Zebedee, their father, preparing their nets, and he called them.
And immediately, verse 22, they left the boat and their father and followed him.
So two different examples of the call that Jesus gave to four different individuals and four different situations, four different places there, positions in light.
Even though there were two sets of brothers, they both had their own lives that they were living, all doing the things that they had thought to that point was what they were supposed to be doing.
They were working in their careers, they were following the path, they were with their families, doing all the things that was right and was just.
But then Jesus said, follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
Clearly in this passage, what we see is that as soon as that call was issued,
These guys didn't sit back and wait.
They didn't sit back and wonder.
They didn't sit back and pray about it for a long time.
They didn't think about it for a long time.
They didn't go and have some conversations with some friends to get some counsel on.
They immediately followed him.
The passage tells us in both sets, they just simply dropped everything and followed Jesus.
Now, what a great lesson for each and every one of us because that's exactly what God has called us to.
Now, you know we've been talking about this for a long time, probably some of you in the room and say seriously, we've talked about it way too much, that in the month of March we are going to go and we're going to knock on every door within the city of Lynchburg and we're going to go out and we're going to drop off a bag that looks just like this and today you're going to have the opportunity of picking these up when you leave the service today and inside this bag are cards that talk about
the importance of following Christ, a picture of the gospel, places and scripture that there are issues and things that people are dealing with in life of where they can find answers within God's word, connect points that would help them kind of see like what maybe next steps would be.
And then of course, the most important thing is the word of God, all 66 books, of books that they can lean into and dig into.
And again, I could tell you the stories.
I'm not going to do it for the interest of time.
that literally we could tell the story over and over and over again of how God simply used a copy of His Word placed in certain places like a hotel room, like a hospital room, like a jail cell where someone simply picked it up without any guidance, without any instruction, without any preacher telling them what to do.
They picked it up, they began to read it, and their life was transformed probably in this room.
There are people whose lives have been impacted in that exact same way.
each year when we have the opportunity of blessing the Gideon's through offerings that we do here to bless the ministry that they do in placing Bibles all around the world.
We hear stories.
where they share of individuals whose lives have been transformed as a result of simply those little copies of the Bible that are placed.
Listen, God's Word makes a difference.
Hebrews 4-12 says, the Word of God is living and it is powerful and it is sharper than any two-edged sword.
It doesn't matter whether you have an intention for it to do so or not.
Anytime you read God's Word, it will change you for the better.
And I like to add this little tagline, whether you like it or not.
God's Word will change you.
God's Word will transform you.
And it doesn't matter where in the Scriptures you're reading, it doesn't matter whether you're reading in the Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, or whether you're reading in Romans or Hebrews or Revelation, or whether you're back in the Old Testament reading in Genesis, Exodus, or maybe even Leviticus numbers and Deuteronomy.
God has incredible things that are in His Word that will transform your life.
God's word is the inspired, inerrant, infallible word.
It is his breathed out word that he spoke to a number of different authors, 40 plus authors, over a period of about 1500 years that he spoke these words out.
And then individuals under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit set down and wrote these things down.
And we have manuscript after manuscript in the tens of thousands that prove
wherever it comes from, and whatever place these manuscripts might be found, that they match, that they agree, that they are in correlation with the others, that this is indeed a treasured book that goes all the way back, that tells us exactly what it is that God wants us to hear.
And that is what we are going to do in the month of March, in taking this book to this city, taking Jesus to the city.
And I want to make sure you understand that any time that you hand a copy of the Bible to an individual, you might be handing a book, you might be handing the Bible.
You might be handing what you consider to be the Word of God, which is a wonderful thing.
But ultimately what you are handing to those individuals, you are handing, handing Jesus to them.
Because every book from Genesis to Revelation is a revelation of who Jesus is.
And whether it's in the Old Testament pointing forward, or whether in the New Testament pointing to, or whether in the later New Testament pointing forward and back, it is all about Jesus.
We're taking Jesus to the city.
Now I've encouraged you to sign up.
I'm encouraged you to be a part of this.
In fact, we'll put the QR code on the screen now if you've not already done so.
I encourage you to do that.
You'll just simply fill in the information in and then starting this afternoon, we will begin sending out.
emails that will come to you and in those emails, you will get a description, a list of homes that have been assigned to you most likely in an area in which you live or near where you live.
We're going to be sending that out.
You'll get that email that will have all the information in there, what you're to do and how to do it.
There's some training information in there to help you make sure you know how to do these things right.
Because again, it can be a little daunting, a little scary until you do it.
And then God begins to work.
Why?
Because God's Word never returns void.
And that's what took place in Matthew chapter four.
Now I gave you those three words a few moments ago.
Clear, visionary, and immediate.
And we see all three different aspects within this passage of those three words.
We see how Jesus was clear.
We see how Jesus was visionary in his call.
And then we see how that that call was not a call to the future.
It was not a call for later.
It was not a call when you have time.
It was a call in the moment and for the moment.
I often have the opportunity of talking to and sharing with individuals who are students, maybe over at Liberty, who are in the process of going through the School of Divinity and training and the School of Religion to get to the place where they want to go out and be a pastor or go out into ministry.
They felt the call in their life to ministry.
And so I've had the opportunity of getting together with these groups and have conversations with them.
But one question that always comes up is like, hey, what do you do with that call?
I'm in college now.
Like, how do I make sure that I'm doing the right things to follow what God has called?
And I always say this, that God never calls you to the future.
He always calls you to the now.
Yes, he may want you for a career to serve in ministry for the rest of your life.
That does not start when you graduate, it does not start when you get a job, it does not start when you go to a church or to a mission field or to some other parachurch organization.
It doesn't happen when you go out and start life, so to speak.
The calling that God puts on your life is now, it is immediate, it is clear, it is visionary, do it.
And that's what God's Word very clearly tells us.
So we go back to this passage.
Again, the three words.
The first one is clear.
The calling is clear.
The calling that Jesus gave is clear.
Look what again it says in verse 19, the first part of the verse.
He said, follow me.
That's all he said.
He didn't give some theological statement.
He didn't sit there and try to teach them a long lesson about what this passage says and what that passage says.
He didn't try to rationalize why it was important to follow after them.
He just simply said, follow me.
That was a very clear statement in verse 21, and it says this, and he called them.
Again, he said it to James and John, follow me.
There was no discussion.
There was no situation where they had to kind of understand what he meant.
They didn't need some advice from people to say like, what do you think Jesus was really trying to say here?
He simply said, follow me.
Today we sit here in this room, and I would probably
I would guess that if I went around and asked each and every one of you, if you were a follower of Christ, your answer would be yes.
I follow Christ.
Do you?
Because the following Christ is not something that we just simply make a statement about and then we're good.
It's not simply that we come to the place at one point in our life where we hear the presentation of the gospel, the idea that God created everything there is in perfection.
And because sin entered into the world, it messed up God's perfect creation.
And because of that sin that entered in Genesis chapter 3, that through one man Adam sin entered into the world.
And because of that sin, death entered into the world.
And now from that point forward, we all were born with a sinful nature separated from God, not deserving of God's grace.
And yet,
that while Romans 3, 23 tells us that all of us have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.
Romans 5, 8 says, God demonstrates His love towards us, and that while we are still sinners, Christ died for us.
In other words, we don't deserve it.
We are broken.
We are sinful.
We deserve to be separated from God.
Romans chapter 6 verse 23, for the wages of our sin is death.
That's not physical death.
We get all of that.
It's spiritual death.
We deserve to be separated from God for all of eternity, but God loved us anyway.
And he showed that love by sin and his son, Jesus, to die for us.
And so the rest of that verse in Romans 6, 23.
And while it tells us the wages of our sin is death, there's that three letter word that is found in that passage of Scripture that changes everything but the word.
The gift of God is eternal life.
The Jesus Christ our Lord.
When we come to that realization of the power of the gospel, we make that decision.
to trust in Him, to turn from our sin of rejecting Christ, and to call on Him, and to do it Romans 10, verse 9 and 10, to believe in our hearts, confess with our lips that Jesus is Lord, that He was raised from the dead, that anyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
That is not a one and done.
Yes, we are guaranteed salvation when we make that decision.
Yes, we are given the gift of heaven.
Yes, nothing can separate us from the love of God.
And we don't have to go through a lot of different hoops to get there.
It is simply through faith.
through trusting and believing in Him.
But make sure you understand, following Jesus is not simply a one-time decision.
It is a daily commitment.
It is a daily commitment to continue to follow Him, day in and day out.
And that is what He called those men to do.
He said, follow me.
They dropped everything.
They dropped the nets.
They stepped out of the boat.
They walked away from their dad and they followed Him.
day in and day out for the rest of their lives.
That's the calling that Jesus has placed on each and every one of us.
Stuart Weber said it this way.
Jesus was saying in this statement, follow me.
He was saying, live with me and learn by watching me.
Own my values and priorities.
Learn to become passionate for the things that I live for and follow my example by doing the ministry I have come to do.
What a great definition of following Christ.
Following Christ is not simply that you made a decision before.
Following Christ is not simply that you show up at a church on a Sunday morning.
Following Christ is not that maybe you might be in a life group.
Following Christ is not that you have a copy of the Bible on your desk at home.
Following Christ is not that maybe every once in a while you open up your phone and go to the Bible app and listen to a passage that is not following Christ.
Following Christ is getting to know Him
more and more each and every day wanting to be like him more each and every day, doing what he has called you to do more day by day, having a passion and a desire for the things that he has a passion for day by day and being faithful to for the rest of your life.
That's what following Jesus is all about.
The call is clear.
But not only is the call clear, second word, the call is immediate.
The call is immediate.
Again, we go back to the passage in Matthew chapter 4, verse 19, he said, and I will make you, I'm sorry, call this visionary.
I will make you fish for people.
This was a visionary call.
This was something that did not make sense.
And remember now, in the context of this conversation, when Jesus was walking by the seashore and he saw Peter and Andrew and James and John, these guys were fishermen.
Like their livelihood was going out in the Sea of Galilee,
and casting out the nets and gathering together those fish and pulling them back into the boat and then taking those back to shore and selling those fish.
And that's how they made a living.
Like that was the context in this conversation.
And so what Jesus said is he totally upended their entire lives by saying this, my call to you is that from here forward you were fish for people.
Now the problem was a moment of confusion.
Like what does that even mean?
Like does he want us to go out and throw our nets out in the city and catch people as we're walking down the street?
Like those are things you can go to jail for.
Like, well, what exactly is Jesus telling me to do?
Well, in the call that he made, follow me and I will make you, he made it clear.
Hey, to be a follower of Christ, you simply have to do what I say.
Walk after me and follow after me.
You see, Jesus was looking
into the situation, the context of their lives.
And he allowed his call to actually inform what the rest of their days would look like.
In other words, he understood their talents, he understood their abilities, he understood their thinking, and so he used that for the purposes of fulfilling the call.
What does that look like to you and me?
What it looks like to you and me is that God knows what you're good at, God knows your talents, God knows your abilities.
Here's why, because he gave you those talents, he gave you those gifts, and he wants you to leverage those for the gospel.
He wants you to use those things to make an impact and make a difference.
That's exactly what we've been talking about that we're going to be doing this month.
It's exactly what our passion is.
One wears to be said it this way.
Fishermen have to be courageous and patient people.
It certainly takes patience and courage to win others to Christ.
Fishermen must have skill.
They must learn from others where to find the fish and how to catch them.
Soul winning demands skills too.
These men had to work together, and the work of the Lord's demands cooperation.
But most of all, fishing demands faith.
Fishermen cannot see the fish, and they're not sure their nets will enclose them.
So when him requires faith and alertness to, or we will fail.
In other words, this idea, this visionary call that God gave to them was one in which very clearly, understandably, they had to keep their eyes fixed on what it was that God wanted them to do.
And remember what I said, that call.
To be fishers of men was a call that Jesus placed on all of us.
Over these next 30 days, we're going to have the opportunity of knocking on a lot of doors.
We're going to walk around this city, we're going to carry these bags, and we're going to go up the doors, and we're going to knock on those doors, and we're going to do everything we can.
And listen, I know that can be a little daunting.
It can be a little scary.
Like, man, what do I say?
And what if they say something to me that I don't know the answer for?
Like, how do I pull this off?
Why don't we just take a look to see what maybe that might look like?
As you go and as you knock on these doors, you might find a door that kind of looks like this.
Hey, I'm from Thomas Road Baptist Church and we're selling them our 70th year.
And so we're going around and giving some gifts of the Bible to.
Yeah.
If you're here, anyone, I'm gonna have to start charging you rent.
Let's go.
No, we just want to drop off a copy of the Bible and see if there's anything we can pray for you over.
Any situations that you might need some assistance with.
No, not today, not tomorrow.
Okay, well, can I leave this Bible with you?
No, seriously, I'd just like to give you this gift.
No, I'm serious.
We're good.
Okay, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
You see, you might have something like that.
And guess what?
I'm still alive.
You know, it's not going to kill you.
You're going to maybe come up against somebody who doesn't want to hear what you have to say.
That's a normal thing.
That's a normal situation.
But you know what?
It's not up to us to prepare the hearts of the person who received the gift.
That's God's.
Our job is simply to follow.
You might come up and find a door that maybe looks a little bit like this.
Hey, we're from Thomas Road Baptist Church.
Your dad's not home, okay?
Well, we're from Thomas Road Baptist Church and we've just got some gifts that we'd like to leave.
Can I leave this gift for the family?
Okay, listen, I just want to leave this gift.
God bless you guys and have a great day, okay?
All right.
You see, you're going to come up against some where maybe, you know, the parents are at home and the kids have been told, don't talk to strangers, which by the way is a wonderful thing.
And you know what?
It's okay.
Because you can still be able to opportunity of handing off a copy of God's word and leave that with them.
And there'll be no issues, no problem.
Don't go in the house, right?
Don't make stranger danger become like a story in the newspaper.
But it does give you the opportunity of actually still taking God's word.
Now still, you might have other doors that you walk up to that sound a little bit like this.
Hey, how are you today?
Hey, we're from Thomas Road Baptist Church and we're just going around, we're handing out copies of God's Word, just giving a gift to honor of our 70th year as a church.
I just wanted to just give you this free gift.
Oh, that's so kind of you.
You know, actually, when I was a kid, I was
wondering about God and faith and church.
So really perfect timing.
Well, inside the bag, there's lots of information there to help you find like different things that you might, you know, have issues with or challenges with or questions about and help you know where to go and God's word to find those answers.
And so we just love to give this to you.
And is there anything we can pray for you about?
Yeah, I have just some personal things that are going on with my family and health and could love and do some prayer.
Awesome.
I'd love to pray for you.
Can I do it right now?
Sure.
Awesome.
See, sometimes you'll see doors like that.
And those doors when you walk away from there are going to encourage you in ways you can't even possibly imagine.
You walk away thinking, man, wow, I got to actually minister to someone to bless someone, someone who's open and God has prepared their heart.
And still, there might be people like this.
Yes.
Hey, I'm from Thomas Robaptist Church, and we're celebrating our 70th anniversary.
And so we're just taking around and just giving gifts of a copy of God's Word to all the cities in our household.
We want to just give you a copy of God's Word.
Is that okay?
Yeah, that's fine.
Thanks.
You're being here as kind of a sign, actually.
I used to go to church regularly, and then my wife got sick.
And we prayed and prayed.
And either I didn't have enough faith or God just didn't care.
Between the guilt and frustration,
We just quit.
And now, I'm wondering how to get past that guilt and lack of faith, possibly, to start again.
Well, you know, in this bag, there's not only a copy of God's word, but there's lots of different Bible verses there to deal with exactly the type of issues you're talking about, situations that God gives us answers when we can't find answers on our own.
When God says that this is His plan and we sit back and we say, why God?
God's Word gives us answers.
And so I'd love to leave that with you.
And, you know, if there's anything ever we can do to help you or to encourage you, man, just let us know, give us a call at the church or even email our pastor at pastor at TRBC.org.
He'd love to help reach out to you and do whatever he can to help you.
I appreciate it.
God bless you.
Can I pray for you?
Sure.
Awesome.
You see, you'll have those doors too.
People who are hungry, people who are hurting, people who are lost and looking for something.
And here's the cool thing.
And God will have ordained that moment for you to stand before their door.
ordained that moment.
So you see the call of God, it's clear.
The call of God is visionary, fishers of men.
But then finally, that third word, the call's immediate.
The call is immediate.
Again, you go back to this passage.
Matthew chapter 4 verse 21.
And going on from there, he saw two other brothers, James, the son of Zebedee, brother John.
They were in a boat, Zebedee, their father, preparing their nets, and he called them.
Here's the key word.
immediately they left their boat and their father and followed him.
You see, the lesson for us today is just simply this.
God has called us to follow him, to know him, to learn him, to seek him, to make his priorities our own, to walk with him day by day, to grow in our faith, to serve him in ways that
that he has called us to and recognize and understand that ultimately, the call of God is not something that we do tomorrow.
The call of God is something that we absolutely do today.
That's what God has called all of us to.
You know, I read a quote this week that I want to share with you because again, it speaks to everything that we just have the opportunity of seeing and these just illustrations of what we might encounter.
In my dance, he said these words, the focus is on Jesus, not on our abilities.
A fisherman cannot control the outcome of what he catches, but he can be faithful to get into the boat and to cast the net, leaving all the results to God.
For the last numbers of months, I've been praying that God would give us an incredible opportunity in the month of March to see what Isaiah 55 really means.
I've been praying to God, but allow us to have the opportunity of experiencing what it truly means to come up with this idea of God's word would never return void.
I've been praying for revival that might break out, not in our city.
Hear me when I say this, that revival might break up in our hearts, in our church.
Because here's what I know, if revival breaks out in our heart and in our church, revival in the city,
It's just going to happen.
Because when you have thousands of people who understood as Peter and Andrew and James and John did, that when Jesus said, follow me, and I will make you fishers of men, that you see when revival is broken out in our hearts, you know what we do?
Man, we run.
We run.
And we see what it is that Jesus wants us to do.
So let me give you four quick things.
You're going to be on the screen.
You can write them down, take a picture.
Like what do we do from here?
For quick understanding of what our mission really is.
The first one is this.
Know Him better.
Every day, make it your determination.
I will know God better at the end of this day than I know Him at the beginning of this day.
How do we do that?
Through His Word.
We're delivering these copies of the Bibles all around the city.
Why?
Because we know that they're in that book, that Bible, therein contains everything that God has chosen to reveal to us about who He is, about His nature, about His love, about His wisdom, about His guidance, about His direction, about His correction.
You see, that's where we find the answers.
So know Him better.
The second one, serve Him faithfully.
Just make the decision.
Yeah, when he says, I will make you fishers and men.
It's like, OK, sign me up.
Whatever that looks like.
I want to do that and find ways to make that happen.
Serving, going, doing the third one.
Let others in on the secret.
That's the telling.
That's the opportunity that you just saw in illustration there of being able to go to doors and just simply say, hey, man, we're from a church and God bless you and want to pray for you.
And here is a copy of God's Word.
Man, what a
What an opportunity to let others in on this incredible thing that we celebrate each and every Sunday right here and the fourth one.
Follow him for the win.
In other words, when we do what God has called us to do, there will be success.
When we follow him and we do what he's called us to do, there will be success.
And in that success will be this incredible opportunity that we all have to celebrate and to rejoice, to simply sit back and to say these words, wow, what a God we serve.
That's what God has called us to.
So in this next month, yeah, I'm praying for revival.
I'm praying for revival in my heart.
I'm praying for revival in yours.
I'm trained that we would have the opportunity as we go and we follow him day by day, that we will begin to see God do incredible things.
And as a result, it will actually spark in us the desire to go and do more and that we can see the kind of impact, the kind of incredible celebration moments.
I got this email this week.
that I right now can't find.
It must have fallen out of my Bible when walked out, but I'll give you the basics of it.
A lady in our church is well up into her 80s, maybe even 90s.
And she emailed me this week to say, you know, when you were talking, Jonathan, this past Sunday, about going out and knocking on doors, I remember as a little girl, I lived over near the old Thomas Road.
I lived there growing up, and I remember that there came a time when my mom and dad would tell me
And my siblings, my friends to go out in the backyard to play in the backyard because there's these men to keep coming around knocking on the door in our neighborhood.
And I heard her say, you know, to go out there and be very quiet because Jerry Falwell and his men, they're going to come by again.
I'm certain of it.
And we don't want to talk to them.
And so she went and played in the backyard and she did the things exactly the way that her mom told them to do them.
And yet time went by and time went by and she kept hearing this statement about these people who would knock on the doors and knock on the doors and knock on the doors.
And there came a time when she had the opportunity of stepping foot into a tent where a special service was being conducted, a service where the gospel was being preached.
And she accepted Jesus in that moment when she was very young and it changed everything.
And then she began to understand why it is that those guys kept
coming by knocking on the door because they had a message that would change people's lives.
She's been a part of this church now for probably 50 or 60 years, actually coming to hear that man that she had to run from when she was a little kid.
There are a lot of people sitting out in this community just like that.
Maybe have this idea that this
this thing that we talk about, this thing that we celebrate, this thing that we sing about is something that doesn't make sense.
It's not our job to convince them that what we believe is right.
It's our job to live it and to tell them.
And we simply let God do what God's gonna do.
And I just know this, the more we live it and the more that we share it, the more people come to believe it.
God's call is clear.
God's call is visionary.
God's call is immediate.
So let's follow Him for the win.
Right now what I want to do is we're going to have a time of prayer and I'm going to ask our deacons wherever they are in the room to come on down.
Guys, if you would, our pastors are going to be coming.
We're going to open this altar for simply just an opportunity for prayer.
An opportunity that we just simply come together as a church.
You know, my dad always said nothing of eternal significance has ever accomplished apart from prayer.
James chapter five tells us that the effective fervent prayer of a righteous man, a righteous woman, avails much.
It's powerful.
It does things.
We know first John tells us that anything that we ask in Jesus name, God will do.
In other words, when we pray the prayers that are in alignment with God's will, God's going to answer those prayers.
It is God's will that we reach this world for Christ.
And I know that because Matthew 28, Mark 16, next chapter one tells us that.
It is God's will.
And so because it is God's will, that we're going to pray that prayer that God would allow us to have the opportunity in these coming months, the coming month to see God do what only God can do.
So here's what I'm asking you to do.
Number one, the altar's open.
If you're here today and you want to meet this Christ that we're talking about, and we have a team of counselors that are on both sides, on either side that would love to talk with you.
They're over there, man.
If you don't know Christ, we'd love to share with you who He is.
And again, to let you know, let you in on the secret, if we will, of what this incredible thing is.
They're on either side, they love to talk with you.
If you want to come for other reasons, they're here.
Situations, you want to come and pray about.
Fantastic.
Come for baptism, prayer.
Absolutely.
Join our church family.
You bet.
But here's what I'm also doing.
If you signed up to go out and knock on doors in the month of March, here's what I'm going to ask you to do.
If you're able to do it, I know some might not be able to.
But if you're able, by the way, that sweet little lady who sent me an email, she said, I can't go out knock on doors.
Again, she's in her 80s, probably 90s.
She can't go in.
Here's what she's doing.
She said, I'm going to pray.
In fact, I see her sitting right over there.
I read your email.
She said this, I can't go knock on the door, but I'm gonna pray for everyone that does.
What a beautiful picture.
So I'm gonna, by the way, you're not mad at me that I told people you're how old you are.
No, you don't care, okay.
So if you've signed up, here's what I want you to do.
If you're able to just come down into this altar and just take the time of prayer, commitment, that God's gonna do incredible things as we prepare to go out to the city.
Our deacons are here and they're gonna pray over you while you're praying over what you're going to do.
And as we're doing that, Charles and Zach are going to lead us and we're just going to worship.
We're just going to make this a moment of prayer and worship, prayer and worship, prayer.
Not a bad place to be.
So if you've signed up, I want everybody to stand up.
Everybody stand up.
If you've signed up, I just want you to start making your way down the front right now.
Just wherever you are, just come on down.
Wherever you are, just come on down.
Find your place and just take a few moments and just pray.
God, ordain what I'm about to do.
God, what I'm about to do, God, I pray that you would be in it.
Prepare the hearts of the individuals that I'm going to meet.
Prepare them even now.
Before I ever get to the door, God, prepare their hearts to hear, to read, to see.
So as you pray that prayer, our deacons are going to be praying over you.
And they're going to be praying that God would do incredible, incredible things in your lives.
So just make your way on down.
And so as you're making your way down again, our counselors are on either side.
So feel free to go over and talk to them.
So just come on down, have a time of prayer.
Charles is going to lead us in worship.
When Charles is done, we are done.
But clearly, let me make sure everybody hears this.
When you walk out today, the bags are there.
Pick them up and take them with you.
If you haven't signed up yet, guess what?
They can actually help you do it when you walk by.
Go out there, pick up a bag and say, I'm not signed up yet.
They'll do it on the spot.
And so if you're standing, you're not signed up and join us.
This is going to be an incredible picture of God's church doing what God has called us to do.
And we're going to celebrate.
Let's pray.
Charles, let's worship.
This is the air I breathe.
Oh.
God today, we thank you that you called us.
We don't really know why you chose us and called us.
It doesn't make sense.
We know us.
We know we're not worthy.
We know we're not capable.
God, we know all of our problems and all of our failings and yet God, you still chose to love us, to save us, and to send us.
So God, I pray that today for all of us here, Lord, that we would walk out of here
Lord, recognizing the calling you placed in our lives to follow you.
And you will make us fishers and men.
Lord, help us to be faithful.
Just simply run after you day by day.
God, for that we give you the praise.
Lord, I pray for the month of March that when we talk about revival, it would be clear.
We talk about salvation.
It will be clear.
We talk about impact.
Not because of Thomas Road and not because of any person in this room.
Lord, but because of you, because of your word.
We pray.
It would not return.
Lord, in advance, we give you the praise.
And Jesus, same we pray.
Amen.
Again, as you leave today, our altar remains open.
You can pick up the bags as you leave.
Don't forget, pick them up.
If you've not signed up, good news.
You can do so today.
They'll do it right on the spot and you can go out of here and we can make an impact together.
God bless you.
Have a great day.
Thank you for worshiping with us today.
We're so glad that you've joined us.
If you prayed to receive Christ today, we'd love to hear from you.
We want to help you as you begin your new faith journey in Christ.
Simply send an email to pastor at trbc.org.
If you've never accepted God's free gift of salvation, the forgiveness of sins made possible by the death and resurrection of Jesus, you can do that today by simply asking Him to save you.
If you'd like to know more, we're here to help you.
Just reach out to us and we'll provide you with some next steps.
Here at Thomas Road, our mission is to change our world by developing Christ followers who love God and love people.
If you'd like to help us fulfill that mission by giving to our ministry, go to trbc.org and make your contribution today.
Your gifts make it possible for us to share the life-changing message of God's love.